chore(docs):  added examples & documentation to css variables (#2865)
patternfly/patternfly-org: packages/theme-patternfly-org/pages/global-css-variables.md

- A `modifier` is something like `sm` or `lg`.
- A `state` is something like `hover` or `expanded`.

> Examples:

Reviewer: Looks like there is only one example

```suggestion
Example:
```

- `breakpoint` is a media query breakpoint such as `sm` for `$pf-global--breakpoint--xs`.
- `pseudo-element` is either `before` or `after`.

> Examples:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example:
```

> - Note component variables are scoped to the top-level component selector

Reviewer: same here re: "Note"

  ```css
  .pf-c-button {
    /* Default, primary, and primary hovered button background colors */
    --pf-c-button--BackgroundColor: transparent;
    --pf-c-button--m-primary--BackgroundColor: var(--pf-global--primary-color--100);
    --pf-c-button--m-primary--hover--BackgroundColor: var(--pf-global--primary-color--200);
  }
  ```

<br/>

> Component variables can be found listed at the bottom of each component page (ex: [button css variables](/components/button#css-variables)).

Reviewer: I believe we use `i.e.,` for things like this, or I do anyways :)

```suggestion
Component variables can be found listed at the bottom of each component page (i.e., [button css variables](/components/button#css-variables)).
```

Reviewer 2: Actually, in our writing standards, the recommendation is to just write out "for example," See https://www.patternfly.org/v4/ux-writing/writing-design-guidelines-for-patternfly#style-voice-and-tone

> Component variables can be found listed at the bottom of each component page (ex: [button css variables](/components/button#css-variables)).

Reviewer: just a nit, this could be simpler and say "are listed" or "can be found".

```suggestion
Component variables are listed at the bottom of each component page (ex: [button css variables](/components/button#css-variables)).
```

PatternFly 4 styles provide a default starting point. You can use the variable system to make adjustments to that default styling. When you change one or more elements, you should package those values into a new SCSS stylesheet to replace the default styling.

> Overrides to PatternFly variables should be made at the `:root` level (for global variables) or at the top-level component selector (for component variables, ex: `.pf-c-button`), as these overrides will cascade down to children elements accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Overrides to PatternFly variables should be made at the `:root` level for global variables or at the top-level component selector for component variables (i.e., `.pf-c-button`), as these overrides will cascade down to children elements accordingly.
```

> Example:

Reviewer: This is singular. I think it could be either, even though there's only one example block, there are multiple lines which could be examples. Either way it should probably be consistent.

> - Change the global primary color to red, but keep the original primary blue `#06c` color as the background for primary buttons.

Reviewer: I don't know that you need this, and not sure if it's confusing it's referred to as a hex value here and a css var below? You could also say it's helpful to be a little more detailed, and show that you should use a CSS var instead of a hex value. 

```suggestion
- Change the global primary color to red, but keep the original primary blue color as the background for primary buttons.
```

  ```css
  /* Override global primary color 100 to red */
  :root {

>     --pf-global--primary-color--100: red;

Reviewer: This works though I think we would encourage users to use a color var in our palette. 

```suggestion
    --pf-global--primary-color--100: var(--pf-global--palette--red-400);
```

>     --pf-global--primary-color--100: var(--pf-global--palette--red-400);;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    --pf-global--primary-color--100: var(--pf-global--palette--red-400);
```

  }

  /* Override the above override for only the primary button background color */
  .pf-c-button {

>     --pf-c-button--m-primary--BackgroundColor: #06c;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    --pf-c-button--m-primary--BackgroundColor: var(--pf-global--primary-color--100);
```

Author: @mcoker maybe this is a bad example, but if step 1 is overriding `--pf-global--primary-color--100` at the `:root` and then step 2 is assigning `--pf-global--primary-color--100` on `.pf-c-button` don't those do the same thing?  I was trying to demonstrate both overriding a global var but then making a more specific component-level change

Reviewer: doh! Yes, sorry I meant to use `--pf-global--palette--blue-400` there - the original value for primary-color--100.
